Copyright 2007-2010 Michael J. I. Jackson, all rights reserved.

The following licenses are applicable to version 3.0 of the Shadowbox.js library
and greater. The term "library" is used throughout to mean all code, images, and
documentation that are distributed as part of the library.


Shadowbox.js Non-Commercial License version 1.0

Under the terms of this license, the licensee is granted the following privileges:

  - The right to use the library as part of a website or application that is not
    used for commercial purposes

  - The right to modify the library to suit his purpose.

Under no circumstance is the licensee permitted to redistribute the source code,
images, or documentation contained in the library. All redistribution rights
remain with the copyright holder unless specific prior written permission is
obtained.

Under no circumstance shall this copyright notice or list of conditions be
modified or removed from the code distribution in either source or binary form.

This software is provided by the copyright holder and contributors "as is" and
any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.

In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but
not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability,
whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise)
arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the
possibility of such damage.


Shadowbox.js Commercial License version 1.0

Under the terms of this license, the licensee is granted the following privileges:

  - The right to use the library as part of a website or application that is
    used for commercial purposes

  - The right to modify the library to suit his purpose.

Under no circumstance is the licensee permitted to redistribute the source code,
images, or documentation contained in the library. All redistribution rights
remain with the copyright holder unless specific prior written permission is
obtained.

Under no circumstance shall this copyright notice or list of conditions be
modified or removed from the code distribution in either source or binary form.

This software is provided by the copyright holder and contributors "as is" and
any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.

In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but
not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability,
whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise)
arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the
possibility of such damage.
